=pod

=encoding utf-8

=head1 NAME

Term::Spark - Perl extension for dispaying bars in the terminal

=head1 VERSION

version 0.50

=head1 SYNOPSIS

    use Term::Spark qw/show_graph/;
    binmode STDOUT, ':encoding(UTF-8)'; 
    print show_graph(
        values  => [7,3,6,9,0,1,3,5],
        max     => 7,
    );

    # The output looks like this:
    ▆▃▅█▁▁▃▄

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This module displays sparklines in the terminal.

Note that because the sparklines are built from utf8 characters, users must
setup UTF-8 encoding for STDOUT if they wish to print the output.  

=head1 METHODS

=head2 show_graph(values => \@values, max => $max)

This method builds a sparklines graph and returns it as a string.

The 'values' parameter should be a list of numbers.  

The 'max' parameter is the maximum value of the graph.  Without this parameter
you cannot compare graphs because the scaling will change depending on the
data.  This parameter is optional.

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Term::Vspark> - "vertical" sparklines

Original implementation: L<https://github.com/holman/spark>

=for :stopwords cpan testmatrix url annocpan anno bugtracker rt cpants kwalitee diff irc mailto metadata placeholders metacpan

=head1 SUPPORT

=head2 Bugs / Feature Requests

Please report any bugs or feature requests through the issue tracker
at L<https://github.com/LuRsT/term-spark/issues>.
You will be notified automatically of any progress on your issue.

=head2 Source Code

This is open source software.  The code repository is available for
public review and contribution under the terms of the license.

L<https://github.com/LuRsT/term-spark>

  git clone git://github.com/LuRsT/term-spark.git

=head1 AUTHOR

Gil Gonçalves <lurst@cpan.org>

=head1 CONTRIBUTORS

=over 4

=item *

Eric Johnson <eric.git@iijo.org>

=item *

Gil Gonçalves <lursty@gmail.com>

=back

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is copyright (c) 2013 by Gil Gonçalves.

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.

